c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\obj\Debug\BooksUI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\BooksUI.Tests.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\BooksUI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\BooksUI.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\BooksUI.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\obj\Debug\BooksUI.Tests.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\obj\Debug\BooksUI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\BooksUI.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\OneTrueError.Reporting.dll
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\OneTrueError.AspNet.Mvc5.dll
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\OneTrueError.Reporting.pdb
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\OneTrueError.Reporting.xml
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\OneTrueError.AspNet.Mvc5.pdb
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\OneTrueError.AspNet.Mvc5.xml
C:\Users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
