c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\BooksUI.dll.config
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\BooksUI.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\BooksUI.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\obj\Debug\BooksUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\obj\Debug\BooksUI.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\obj\Debug\BooksUI.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\Model.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\Model.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\valentin.yonev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Books\BooksUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
